Add and update meta descriptions in Core docs 2.1.6 - closes #611 (#612)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/logs.adoc

= Activate logging
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: This page explains the log levels and associated messages which can be used for monitoring or debugging a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: A guide that explains the log levels and associated messages which can be used for monitoring or debugging a node.
```
